Update vector math doc (#4254)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/math/vector_math.rst

.. warning:: Because normalization involves dividing by the vector's length,
             you cannot normalize a vector of length ``0``. Attempting to

>              do so will result in an undefined value. Though while programming,
>              if using the normalized() function, it will return ``Vector3(0, 0, 0)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              do so would normally result in an error. In GDScript though, trying to call
              the ``normalized()`` method on a ``Vector2`` or ``Vector3`` of length 0 leaves 
              the value untouched and avoids the error for you.
```
